---
title: Home
navigation: false
layout: page
main:
  fluid: false
---

:ellipsis{right=0px width=75% blur=150px}




::block-hero
---
cta:
  - Get started
  - /introduction/getting-started
secondary:
  - Download Node →
  - https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager
---

#title
The Best Place to Master JavaScript

#description
Unlock the secrets of JavaScript, from fundamentals to advanced topics, all in one place. Dive into comprehensive tutorials, examples, and projects designed to make you a JavaScript expert.

#extra
  ::list
  - +100 Interactive Examples to solidify your learning
  - Comprehensive Tutorials from beginner to advanced levels
  - In-depth Articles on every aspect of JavaScript
  - Project-based Learning to build real-world applications
  - Community Support and Q&A Sections to resolve your doubts
  - Regular Updates to keep you in sync with the latest trends and features
  ::



#support
  ::terminal
  ---
  content:
  - // Welcome to JSLy
  - Explore interactive examples
  - Learn with comprehensive tutorials
  - Build real-world projects
  - Stay updated with the latest trends
  ---
  ::
::


::card-grid
#title
What's Inside

#root
:ellipsis{left=0px width=40rem top=10rem blur=140px}

#default
::card{icon=logos:javascript}
#title
JavaScript Fundamentals
#description
Learn the core concepts of JavaScript, including syntax, variables, functions, and control structures.
::

::card{icon=logos:nodejs-icon}
#title
Advanced JavaScript
#description
Master advanced topics like closures, prototypes, async programming, and more.
::

::card{icon=logos:react}
#title
Frameworks and Libraries
#description
Get hands-on with popular frameworks and libraries such as React, Vue, and Angular.
::

::card{icon=logos:typescript-icon}
#title
TypeScript Integration
#description
Learn how to use TypeScript to enhance your JavaScript development with type safety and better tooling.
::

::card{icon=logos:webpack}
#title
Tooling and Ecosystem
#description
Discover the tools and practices that make JavaScript development more efficient, including Webpack, Babel, and ESLint.
::

::card{icon=logos:git-icon}
#title
Project-Based Learning
#description
Build real-world projects and apply what you've learned in practical scenarios.
::
::
